Jytte: Marius, we've had a few calls
that Ørum's cows have escaped again.
Marius: Did you call him? Over.
There is no reply.
I'll tell your wife you are delayed. Over.
I'll swing by Ørum's.
That's okay, Jytte. Over and out.
[Leaves rustling]
[Wroom]
[Parking brake]
[Car door opens]
Marius: Ørum?
[Car door closes]
Ørum?
[Cow moos]
[Knock]
Ørum? Your cows have escaped again.
Ørum?
[Sniff, sniff]
[Woof]
Be quiet now.
[Door opens]
Ørum?
[Knock]
Hello?
Damn.
Holy crap.
It's Marius, from the police!
Hello
[Step]
[door squeaks]
Hey?
Hey
[Bang! body falls on the floor]
No...
[Gasps for air]
Jytte (by phone): Police, Jytte speaking.
It's me. Please dispatch
an ambulance to Ørum's farm.
What happend?
I have three dead victims.
And one injured boy,
who's still breathing?
The oldest boy?
No, not him.
It's the youngest.
One of the two foster children.
Where's the foster girl?
[Bang!]
Send everything you've got!
And launch a search for Ørum.
Just get out of the house!
[door squeaks]
Police!
Hello?
[Step]
[Click]
[door squeaks]
[rrrrrr]
[rrrrr]
[Metal falls on the floor]
[Sigh]
There... Quiet. Easy now.
There you go.
Don't be afraid. I'm a police officer.
My name is Marius,
and I'm here to help you.
You're Astrid, right?
Do you live down here?
THE CHESTNUT MAN